Update schema descriptions, examples and regenerate the docs (#74)
EnterpriseDB/terraform-provider-biganimal: docs/data-sources/region.md

# biganimal_region (Data Source)
The region data source shows the available regions within a cloud provider.

## Example Usage
```terraform
variable "cloud_provider" {
  type        = string
  description = "Cloud Provider"

  validation {
    condition     = contains(["aws", "azure"], var.cloud_provider)
    error_message = "Please select one of the supported regions: aws, azure."
  }
}

data "biganimal_region" "this" {
  cloud_provider = var.cloud_provider
  // region_id   = "us-west-1" //optional
  // query       = "eu" // optional
}

output "regions" {
  value = data.biganimal_region.this.regions
}

output "cloud_provider_id" {
  value = data.biganimal_region.this.cloud_provider
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

> - `cloud_provider` (String) Cloud Provider to list the regions. e.g. "aws", "azure".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cloud_provider` (String) Cloud Provider to list the regions. For example, "aws", "azure".
```
We don't use Latin abbreviations and there's a comma afterwards too.

Author: I'm changing all the `e.g.`s to `For example,`.

Author: Fixed at https://github.com/EnterpriseDB/terraform-provider-biganimal/commit/4de4c956dd0831008781a5f59b9011542e378c5a

### Optional

- `query` (String) Query to filter region list.

> - `region_id` (String) Unique Region ID. e.g. "germanywestcentral" in the azure cloud provider, "eu-west-1" in the aws cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `region_id` (String) Unique Region ID. For example, "germanywestcentral" in the Azure cloud provider, "eu-west-1" in the AWS cloud provider.
```

Author: The `e.g.` -> `For example` is fixed at https://github.com/EnterpriseDB/terraform-provider-biganimal/commit/4de4c956dd0831008781a5f59b9011542e378c5a
The spelling of the cloud providers is fixed at https://github.com/EnterpriseDB/terraform-provider-biganimal/commit/fd43c8ae86d3aad7abff08c0cece786c2e54a182
